[en] discussions about automated-tasks-with-cron-jobs.md (#34465)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/job/automated-tasks-with-cron-jobs.md

CronJobs was promoted to general availability in Kubernetes v1.21. If you are using an older version of
Kubernetes, please refer to the documentation for the version of Kubernetes that you are using,
so that you can see the accurate information. Older Kubernetes versions do not support the `batch/v1` CronJob API.

You can use a {{< glossary_tooltip text="CronJob" term_id="cronjob" >}} to run {{< glossary_tooltip text="Jobs" term_id="job" >}} on a time-based schedule.
These automated jobs run like [Cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) tasks on a Linux or UNIX system.

CronJobs are useful for creating periodic and recurring tasks, like running backups or sending emails.

> CronJobs can also schedule individual tasks for a specific time, such as if you want to schedule a job for a low activity period.

Reviewer: I personally think `Cron jobs` is a well-known term to use.

CronJobs was promoted to general availability in Kubernetes v1.21. If you are using an older version of
Kubernetes, please refer to the documentation for the version of Kubernetes that you are using,

> so that you see accurate information. Older Kubernetes versions do not support the `batch/v1` CronJob API.

Reviewer 2: The original wording looks like idiomatic English to me.

Reviewer 2: However, for v1.25 we should actually remove this initial sentence. I filed issue https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/34610 for that.

For more limitations, see [CronJobs](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs).

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

* {{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}}

<!-- steps -->

> ## Creating a CronJob

Reviewer 2: Yes, and even better if we preserve existing hyperlinks:
```suggestion
## Creating a CronJob {#creating-a-cron-job}
```

> ## Creating a Cron Job {#creating-a-cronjob}

Reviewer 3: I don't think "cron job" is a good English term. Cron is named after Greek word “Chronos” that is used for time. Cron itself is a jargon. I'd suggest we call CronJobs CronJobs rather than "cron jobs".

> ## Creating a Cron Job {#creating-a-cronjob}

Author: Do we need changed the `cron job` in body text to `CronJob` when all the headlines show `CronJob` now?

> ## Creating a Cron Job {#creating-a-cronjob}

Reviewer 4: @tengqm As far as I know, "cron" is the right word and the best way to put this out would be in "cron job" which is how I have seen it being used elsewhere too.

The [dictionary meaning](https://www.google.com/search?q=meaning+of+cron) of cron seconds this and an example of using this in a sentence as shown in the default Google Dictionary is:

> "a cron job"

Also, here's a [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/creating) documentation page using "cron job".

Cron jobs require a config file.

> In this example a cron job config `.spec` file prints the current time and a hello message every minute:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is a manifest for a CronJob that runs a simple demonstration task every minute:
```

Deleting the cron job removes all the jobs and pods it created and stops it from creating additional jobs.
You can read more about removing jobs in [garbage collection](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/garbage-collection/).

> ## Writing a CronJob Spec

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## Writing a Cron Job Spec
```

cc: @tengqm
As far as I know, "cron" is the right word and the best way to put this out would be in "cron job" which is how I have seen it being used elsewhere too.

The [dictionary meaning](https://www.google.com/search?q=meaning+of+cron) of cron seconds this and an example of using this in a sentence as shown in the default Google Dictionary is:

> "a cron job"

Also, here's a [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/creating) documentation page using "cron job".

Reviewer 5: I think there's a difference between saying Cron Job, CronJob, and cron Job or cron job

I think Cron Job should be avoided if possible (but totally a nit) because Cron shouldn't be a proper noun. A CronJob in Kubernetes is a way of running cron Jobs (Kubernetes Jobs on a repeatable schedule). 

So to me at least:

- Cron Job: no because Cron on its own shouldn't sound like a feature
- CronJob: use when referring to the Kubernetes CronJob object
- cron Job(s): use when talking about Kubernetes Jobs running on a repeatable schedule (that is, what you can use the CronJob object for)
- cron jobs: use when talking about generic jobs (Kubernetes or Unix or whatever) running on a repeatable schedule.

Idk if that's getting too pedantic though

Reviewer 2: +1 to“cron job” for something running locally via cron and also for writing CronJob to represent the Kubernetes API it inspired.

In this page we should nearly always write CronJob.

> As with all other Kubernetes configs, a cron job needs `apiVersion`, `kind`, and `metadata` fields. For general
> information about working with config files, see [deploying applications](/docs/tasks/run-application/run-stateless-application-deployment/),

Reviewer 2: I'd write:
```suggestion
As with all other Kubernetes objects, a CronJob must have `apiVersion`, `kind`, and `metadata` fields.
For more information about working with Kubernetes objects and their
{{< glossary_tooltip text="manifests" term_id="manifest" >}}, see the
[managing resources](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/manage-deployment/),
```

and [using kubectl to manage resources](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/object-management/) documents.

> A cron job config also needs a [`.spec`](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/api-conventions.md#spec-and-status) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each manifest for a CrobJob also needs a [`.spec`](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/#object-spec-and-status) section.
```

{{< note >}}

> All modifications to a cron job, especially its `.spec`, are applied only to the following runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you modify a CronJob, the changes you make apply to new Jobs that start after your modification
is complete. Jobs (and their Pods) that have already started continue without changes:
the CronJob does _not_ update existing Jobs, even if those remain running.
```

Deleting the cron job removes all the jobs and pods it created and stops it from creating additional jobs.
You can read more about removing jobs in [garbage collection](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/garbage-collection/).

## Writing a CronJob Spec {#writing-a-cron-job-spec}

As with all other Kubernetes objects, a CronJob must have `apiVersion`, `kind`, and `metadata` fields.
For more information about working with Kubernetes objects and their
{{< glossary_tooltip text="manifests" term_id="manifest" >}}, see the
[managing resources](/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/manage-deployment/),
and [using kubectl to manage resources](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/object-management/) documents.

Each manifest for a CrobJob also needs a [`.spec`](/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/kubernetes-objects/#object-spec-and-status) section.

{{< note >}}
If you modify a CronJob, the changes you make apply to new Jobs that start after your modification

> is complete. Jobs (and their Pods) that have already started continue without changes:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
is complete. Jobs (and their Pods) that have already started continue to run without changes:
```

> the CronJob does _not_ update existing Jobs, even if those remain running.

Reviewer 3: This sentence is difficult to parse.

{{< caution >}}
Executions that are suspended during their scheduled time count as missed jobs.
When `.spec.suspend` changes from `true` to `false` on an existing CronJob without a [starting deadline](#starting-deadline), the missed jobs are scheduled immediately.
{{< /caution >}}

> ### Job History Limits {#job-history-limits}

Reviewer: I think `Jobs` would be more appropriate here.

E.g., `successfulJobsHistoryLimit` and `failedJobsHistoryLimit` use `Jobs` instead of `Job`.
